>> New documentary.
>> These hollow Roman
dodecahedrons made of stone
and bronze has sparked much
debate as to what they are.
They have, so far to date,
been approximately 100
of them discovered.
>> This week on Gaia.
>> Easter Island is one of
the strangest places on Earth.
It is home to the huge
stone Maui statues that
gaze upon the skies and ocean.
>> Dragonfly enLightening Talks.
>> I figured I should start
by getting to know myself.
I kicked off
operation Fix Myself
because I thought something
was wrong with me.
And I wanted to learn how
to be my own best friend.
>> On Beyond Belief
with George Noory.
>> This entire experiment
we call the greater Earth
experiment has something that
has been in design for billions
of years, even before the
conception of our own universe.
>> On Open Minds
with Regina Meredith.
>> I've always heard,
OK, there are UFOs.
But when you see something
like that physically in front
of your face only 100 feet away,
and you have witnesses with you
and you go, OK, what I
was told about reality
is not what reality is.
>> On Cosmic Disclosure.
>> So it has a name.
It made it very clear
that, that was its name,
and it very much could
be telepathic or verbal.
[AUDIO LOGO]
>> Only on Gaia.